New file transfer guide (#824)
CHTC/chtc-website-source: _uw-research-computing/file-avail-largedata.md

Our large data staging location is only for input and output files that 
are individually too large to be managed by our other data movement 
methods, <a href="https://htcondor.org">HTCondor</a> file transfer or SQUID. This includes individual input files 
methods, <a href="https://htcondor.org">HTCondor</a> file transfer. This includes individual input files 
greater than 100MB and individual output files greater than 3-4GB. 

Users are expected to abide by this intended use expectation and follow the 
instructions for using `/staging` written in this guide (e.g. files placed 
in `/staging `should NEVER be listed in the submit file, but rather accessed 

> via the job's executable (aka .sh) script).

Reviewer: good change. :)

mechanisms as uploaded files (as above). 

# 3. Using Staged Files in a Job
## A. Transferring Large Input Files
Staged files should be specified in the job submit file using the `osdf://` or `file:///` syntax,
depending on the size of the files to be transferred. [See this table for more information](htc-job-file-transfer#transferring-data-to-jobs-with-transfer_input_files).

```

> transfer_input_files = osdf://chtc/staging/username/file

Reviewer: Could we add an example with multiple files - some from home + some from staging?

Reviewer: ah, I see this is in the other guide.

Author: I'll still add this here!

```
{:.sub}

```
transfer_input_files = file:///staging/username/file
```
{:.sub}

## B. Transferring Large Output Files

By default, any new or changed files in the top-level directory are transferred to your working directory on `/home`. If you have large output files, this is undesirable.

> Large outputs should be transferred to staging using the same file transfer protocols in conjunction with `transfer_output_remaps`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Large outputs should be transferred to staging using the same file transfer protocols in HTCondor's `transfer_output_remaps` option: 
```

```
transfer_output_files = file1, file2
transfer_output_remaps = "file1 = osdf://chtc/staging/username/file1; file2 = file:///staging/username/file2"
```
{:.sub}

> ## C. Handling Standard Output (if needed)

Reviewer: I think we could delete this whole section, personally.

output = $(Cluster).out
error = $(Cluster).err

transfer_input_files = osdf://chtc/staging/username/myprogram, file:///staging/username/largedata.tar.gz

# IMPORTANT! Require execute servers that can access /staging

> Requirements = (Target.HasCHTCStaging == true)

Reviewer: eventually, we'll want to get rid of this.

Author: Get rid of what, exactly?

Author: Christina is referring to the Requirements line

Reviewer: the staging requirement. can leave it for now!
